clear_variable = ace_of_clubs
clear_variable = ace_of_diamonds
clear_variable = ace_of_hearts
clear_variable = ace_of_spades
clear_variable = jack_of_clubs
clear_variable = jack_of_diamonds
clear_variable = jack_of_hearts
clear_variable = jack_of_spades
clear_variable = king_of_clubs
clear_variable = king_of_diamonds
clear_variable = king_of_hearts
clear_variable = king_of_spades
clear_variable = queen_of_clubs
clear_variable = queen_of_diamonds
clear_variable = queen_of_hearts
clear_variable = queen_of_spades
clear_variable = 10_of_clubs
clear_variable = 10_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 10_of_hearts
clear_variable = 10_of_spades
clear_variable = 9_of_clubs
clear_variable = 9_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 9_of_hearts
clear_variable = 9_of_spades
clear_variable = 8_of_clubs
clear_variable = 8_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 8_of_hearts
clear_variable = 8_of_spades
clear_variable = 7_of_clubs
clear_variable = 7_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 7_of_hearts
clear_variable = 7_of_spades
clear_variable = 6_of_clubs
clear_variable = 6_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 6_of_hearts
clear_variable = 6_of_spades
clear_variable = 5_of_clubs
clear_variable = 5_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 5_of_hearts
clear_variable = 5_of_spades
clear_variable = 4_of_clubs
clear_variable = 4_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 4_of_hearts
clear_variable = 4_of_spades
clear_variable = 3_of_clubs
clear_variable = 3_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 3_of_hearts
clear_variable = 3_of_spades
clear_variable = 2_of_clubs
clear_variable = 2_of_diamonds
clear_variable = 2_of_hearts
clear_variable = 2_of_spades